Improve replay route when selecting alternatives routes (#5586)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

#### Features
- Added a new `RailwayCrossing` type to `RoadObject`s. [#5552](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5552)
- Added point exclusion option for onboard router. [#5552](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5552)

> - Added ability to replay route alternatives with the `ReplayProgressObserver`. [#5586](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5586)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved capabilities to replay route alternatives with the `ReplayProgressObserver` by respecting the current distance traveled, without the jump to the beginning of the alternative route upon the switch. [#5586](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5586)
```

Let's clarify what exactly we're improving. The ability to replay alternatives was always there, just a little bit clunky.
